is clear that the majority of patients
exhibit signs of miles of severe
psychosis immediately following each
procedure I am reluctant to resort to
the use of physical restraints I may be
forced to do just that today I asked a
question that I should not have asked
question about the test subject who were
they before cognitive isn't just science
fiction it will allow us to remove
specific memories of severe
psychological drama here I company right
also 27 back here and those were our
next four teasers it seems like they're
releasing to a day are you got a shout
out one of my awesome followers on
Twitter for keeping me updated
throughout the days he gives me a nice
tweet as close to was released as
possible and that is Jacob Stanley or a
prose gamer one thank you dude so much
because you've been tweeting at me all
the time with all these new updates and
ton of new snapchats are out it's very
very interesting and okay so what's
interesting about the ages is starting
to get really dark he brought it up a
lot of my followers tweet at me how dark
this is getting and you see the regret
remorse what this testing is doing has
science gone too far where are we going
with this campaign where we go just
teasers again all this conjecture and
you might see some parallels with
zombies the characters are fab four
we're being tested on and stuff like
that replaced with certain memories see
some manipulation like that so you can
absolutely see a zombies type of idea or
effect I still personally don't think
this has to do with zombie now they
might be able to use like they did in
black ops 1 Nova six was in campaign but
also implemented in zombies they also
had explanations for both those in both
games so maybe whatever method they use
in this campaign for memory manipulation
and my manipulation could see its way
into zombies something you should keep
in mind while we continue to see all
these reveals sunday is the reveal for
the new trey our game black ops 3 so be
on the lookout for videos from me show
you what happened and if there was any
craziness that went down or zombies is
back so be on the lookout for videos
Sunday
out furthermore about these we actually
had the humanity of dr. slaw being
questioned in here he is quoted in there
saying I shouldn't have asked these
questions I shouldn't have said hey what
are these guys doing you know did they
have feelings who were they before what
we did you can see all the cybernetic
implants and all kinds of crazy stuff
going on and you don't see it for sure
even if I slow it down you don't see any
cybernetic implants going in but man oh
man it really looks like it's go in that
direction so I'm curious what you guys
think of the counts blown am I gonna sit
here and give you tons of tons of
opinions because I could hit you with
all kinds of ideas for a long time but
we're so close to reveal I think it's
rather more height it just prior to
being very exciting seems like we get to
a day so I'll try and update you guys
with as much as possible i like to get
you in bulk I don't like posting one
video per snapchat because there's been
24 snapchats up until this point so
thank you guys so much for watching I
will put all snapchats together before
it releases to to keep in mind I really
do appreciate all the support you guys
have been given me later this week I
have let's call or let's explore doubts
arcade is coming out and I have a couple
other videos being planned that
hopefully I can produce and it'll be on
your way so we have a look out for a lot
of cool stuff coming up later on this
week and cool game type news and
information eyebrows on 27 and I'm here
for all your black ops 3 news and
information zombie theories lore and
campaign spoilers thing you'll see when
it all comes out I'll be covering thank
you guys so much subscribe for more
giving a rating if you did enjoy this
information telling the counts below is
this enough is this viral campaign been
enough to sell you on this game so far
do you still waiting for the reveal I
told me but I kind of have to cover it
anyway I'm curious because I think if I
was a consumer right now a normal one I
wouldn't be sold yet I definitely want
to see the reveal anyway guys I'll see
you next video bye